yo what is going on guys today I'm
bringing you a Pokemon X&Y Wi-Fi battle
you already knew that though if you've
been watching this video for more than
ten seconds you've noticed that my intro
is not on this video that's because I'm
not at home at my friend's hotel so I
can't make the show from videos in their
entirety but I guess that's not a really
a big deal because I'm still bringing
you a Pokemon X&Y Wi-Fi battle now this
battle has a story behind it
this is this is against my boy Roger
Japan time co-hosts basically Mike one
of my friends my met my man Steve he was
restarting his game so he was being a
nice guy he was given away all his extra
stuff cuz you know he's gonna be playing
through the game anyways he was giving
away his leftovers his Mewtwo his I guy
stuff like that and he was giving away a
lucky egg and obviously a lucky egg is
valuable there's only one in the game I
mean you can snatch them off with
chances and stuff anyways he was given
away he's lucky egg and a lucky egg is
valuable because you can you know level
up your Pokemon more quickly and if you
have two of them you can level up two
Pokemon just as fast so we both wanted
the lucky egg I was like let's battle
for it
I went super trihard mode look at my
team it's a very very very threatening
and I was not trying to lose I wanted
the lucky egg I wanted to win the battle
at all cost because I wanted the lucky
egg so let's get into this the showdown
my man Hadji what is going on what are
you doing what are you doing anyways I'm
gonna lead up with my Mamoswine not
trying to you know play any games right
here he's gonna lead off with his
Theriault
oh he's gonna get off with with his no
burn here and I just go straight for the
ice shirt I'm not really quite sure why
he stayed in I think he might have
thought that I was just gonna go for the
stealth rocks predicting him to switch
out or something but I just went
straight for the ice shower I don't play
around with threats my boy PK taught me
that a long time ago you just you try to
kill the threats as soon as possible
as soon as you get the opportunity you
try to kill those bastards
anyways the annoy brain is now organi
send out this claude sir clods here's a
terrible pokemon if you ask me it's too
slow it's not that bulky it's just it
has no niched it has no reason to be ran
over something like a Zoomer
even mega blasteroids is a better option
than Klaus but I mean you'd have to take
up your mega spot but either way I don't
think clouds here is worth using on a
team anyways I'm going to be able to go
for the earthquake and you see what I'm
talking about it did so much damage to
that cloud so what what can Carter do
besides take a hit kill something in and
died immediately the next turn I really
don't I don't know I don't know but
anyways I'm going to send out my megasis
or here after he takes out my Mamoswine
and I'm going to mega evolve all on top
of his face and I'm gonna go straight
for the bullet punch not trying to play
any games with this thing I know the
bullet punch was killed the earthquake
did that much especially for mega seeds
or Pegasus's attacks that is incredibly
high so I really had no worries there
now here's where it starts to get brutal
like it is very ironic that his
aegislash is named worried about none
because it gets real nasty right now
it's real nasty I'm gonna go for the
story's dance he's gonna go for the
story's dance I'm gonna go for another
Sora's dance I really don't know what he
was doing here I don't think he
understands the pure terror you should
be in when you see a mega sizzler
setting up two swords dances
what were you thinking about Roger
really seriously what were you doing I
+4 attack even if you use the king's
shield I will kill you regardless I have
the technician boosted thieves they
boosted thieves attack 260 now it's
based attack is 60 so a +4 thief with
the technician boost from a mega stencil
is easily gonna kill the aegis latchet
plus 4 I had nothing to worry about at
all
you guys see here he's got a mega evolve
into his mega area - so for what you're
gone this Plus before bullet punch is
gonna be felt by your grandchildren okay
you're not gonna have any grandchildren
because you're just gonna die so I'm
sure you guys can guess by the length of
this video what happens basically I just
keep the out of his entire team he
had no chance
why is X Q just so small I know it's
really small in the end
like a football or something but I'm
definitely gonna eat this earthquake all
the way a mega Cesare it well that did a
lot of I actually thought that I I had
this battle like two weeks ago which is
why I don't really remember damage
output but either way
Roger what are you doing
Toby kisses we just feel now is bullet
punch even take him out I was gonna save
this battle for body bag week yes I'm
working on body that we could have more
than enough battle for body by a week by
the way for the new subscribers that
don't know a bodybag week is basically I
just destroy I take a couple of battles
of me just destroying my opponents like
completely 605 though and I upload them
all back to back to back to back to back
but that's for another time anyways you
guys saw what happened the lucky egg is
mine
I just wanted to upload this battle
because it was short and I'm not at home
so hopefully this will hold you guys
over until I do get back I'm gonna
upload more battles but I'm not sure how
the quality of the battle battles
themselves will be like I said I wasn't
meant to put this on body bag week I
only sent out two Pokemon on this man I
need to calm down seriously all right
thank you guys for watching hit that
like button leave a comment and I won't
be able to respond respond to the
comments like I said because I'm not
signed up for Google+ yet and I never
will be so leave a comment I'm
definitely gonna read all of them and
I'm bit I've been working on the making
the Pokemon for the challenges that I
told you guys to leave comments in the
comment section for I'm breeding a prime
breeding out breeding across bus I'm
working on making a team of the cross
class on it cuz that's gonna be the
first Pokemon I use because that was one
of the first requests that I saw but so
leave your you leave your requests in
the comments of this video too and don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't
already like all that stuff already said
all that alright I am adding you guys
thank you for watching bye